Yeah. Hi team. Um, so first thing is I think uh I can't can't remember what I said. So uh if I've got this wrong um you know I apologize but um I think I said uh the well I mean this picture and the other one I'm not a fan of either of them. Um not I think for the reasons that the team will um maybe know or understand so we can talk about that will be next on a on a call. Uh but I think the Christmas picture looks just a lot more polished. Um so I think we should just go with that. You know, the the polish of that picture is still a lot better even though I don't think it's an appropriate picture. Um but I still think it's better. Um because it still has that um corporate finesse to it. Whereas this picture actually should be a lot better. Um you know, it doesn't look like a particularly grand office. Um, and then I think the resolution of the picture is not great either. Um, I think it could be a lot lot better. So, for example, the video we did uh just when the office was um opened that was far more uh you know polished um people standing on the balcony and so on and so forth. Um and also team look it's taken a while for us to get this project to this stage. We could have got a photo shoot done already. by now, right? I mean, we could get a uh you know, like a I don't know who um PR agency or you know, very top-notch um photographers uh who do these type of corporate shots and get that done this week. Um but anyway, in the interim, um I think we can go with the um with the office um with the um office shot. Um I mean, sorry, the annual party shot. Um, and there might be some other pictures there if they're appropriate, you can consider them. Um, another approach could be is just like kind of uh maybe the square showing all the candidates. Um, but uh you know, for now, even the uh the annual party pictures is fine. So, just go with that. The other thing is that this this copyrighting just isn't right. I'm not sure why we're not nailing this because we've discussed this a few times. Firstly, you don't need available, right? Um, it's just adding words. Choose from 200 plus employees. Maybe now we could put now. You could run that through chat GBT. So, run through what I'm saying, uh, you know, through chat GBT. Um, choose from 200 plus employees now. Um, start tomorrow with your selected expert. Um, one week free. I think something like that on the third third level might be better. Um because it's not it's not immediately it's not uh overwhelmingly clear that I get a oneweek free trial here. Um and so the only thing I can think is maybe split that and then you can display it more prominently. But really what we're trying to say is we're not this is the really key thing what I would run through a chat GBT and I think it will give you the um the copywriting and and nail it for you. I can do it myself. It just again I just have hundreds of these tasks. So, you know, sometimes even a 10-minute job on Chad GBT becomes problematic because it's like 100 10-minute jobs. Um what we're trying to convey is, well, let let me rewind back. What are most people conveying? You can have a oneweek free trial. What we're trying to convey is you can have a oneweek free trial with any of 200 plus employees right here. So you can choose your you can choose from 200 people to have a oneweek trial with and they can start tomorrow. So it's three things right that that your copyrightiting must be very very prominent and succinct in delivering so that people understand those three points. What I mainly take away from this is I can choose from 200 plus employees. What we want to so how do you shape your copywriting? Maybe actually I'll put this into chat GBT uh myself. Actually, let me just do that. Just give me a second. I'm just going to pause the video. Yeah. So, team, I've just uh just uh spent literally five minutes playing around uh with Chachi. Um and you know, it's kind of thrown up a few options uh like this. I said, you know, this is a bit too long. Although, there's something like this maybe we could incorporate into the second section. Um if if it's a little bit better browse to plus professionals choose plus you need something for free uh no you know maybe something like that let's see what we have here although this is pretty good hiring one click try free for one week pick so that's kind of okay anyway I think we got that n um then I just played around with it you know was I don't think chbt understands that one week free trial is really important so just played around with it here 200 plus experts available now one week free trial choose your expert today start tomorrow um I didn't It is a question of playing around with it, right? I didn't feel this flowed quite as well. Um although I think it'd be good to look at all these different versions and see which one kind of just is uh we find most seamless. Um I thought maybe something like this. 200 plus experts available now. Choose your expert today start tomorrow. One week completely one week free trial. Um cuz when I put it here I wasn't quite sure. Choose expert try for one week free or even this works as well. Choose your extra tomorrow. That this is pretty neat as well. Uh you know um because you get the free trial part in there really quick. Choose for 200 experts, try for one week free. So it's like okay, I can choose and I get one week trial. Then it's choose your expert today start. That's got a quite a nice ring to it. Something like this I think is better. Um so you know I don't know why we've struggled with this so much cuz I have kind of reiterated that over chat. Um anyway so that's that. Uh let's go to click high. Now the other thing I've said about I don't know about five six times I I said you know okay if we don't have the office shots use the AI ones because the office was the picture that really sold it you can see here it doesn't work as well now although it's um you know you are a little doubting yourself a little bit is this an AI generated image I think the tradeoff is worth it why because when you see the office I think that was actually the magic the magic was that oh these are employees right and that can only be conveyed in an office environment. And when you saw all of them in the same type of office setting, so you nailed that really well. Then I said, okay, include a personal picture as well in addition to or get the office shots done. And we've just taken the office shots off. Now I've re reiterated this about three four times. We just got stuck in that loop. Um so if we have the office shot here, one two three like we did four. And then the fourth one is this. Um that I think works well and compliments things, right? People know this is a personal shot, but you've clearly conveyed that they're in the office. So, I don't know why we're struggling so much with this. Find that a little bit confusing. Um, yeah. So, anyway, I think it should be clear now what needs to be done. Um, but yeah, that was the all the magic was in the office shot that I think sealed everything. It was like, okay, this is something I've not seen anything like this. it doesn't have the same click to it here. So even if it takes a while to get the office shots without the AI generated thing, still go with those AI generated pictures cuz that's still better cuz it's conveying office. The power is in that it's conveying the office. Uh this is a little bit too thin here. It should be longer than that. Doesn't quite work. Um the other thing I thought was um you know this needs to be a bit more prominent and maybe we should make this clickable, right? All this should be clickable and take him to the cuz I I might instinct was to click on this, click on this and nothing worked. Uh maybe this could be made a tad more uh prominent view profile. Uh other than that, I think it's it's a good phase one, right? We'll improve it from here. We'll include case studies, we'll include projects, we'll include videos, testimonials, whatever. Okay. Hire in one click. Choose your trial. Set up your trial. Choose your preferred date. Preference when the trial begins. So, okay. Cool. Good. Good. Yeah, this looks Fine. And I'd imagine the team can really Yeah, great. This is good. This is good. Um, employee time zone. Okay, that's really cool as well that you get the overlap. Um, so let's say if my okay, my time zone is London. or this. Okay. So, see team really that should be localized, right? It shouldn't be GMT minus 4\. And it's okay for a phase one, but you know, really we can improve that. It should say, you know, EST. Employee time zone is this. Employees current shift 2 am. AM EDT. I don't understand that. Is that west east coast? Yeah, I think that must be east coast. So 12:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. IST. Okay, that's fine. So we need to break this down, right? Employees current shift. We should have um in clients or or your time zone in your time zone and employees time zone. So we should break this, right? That would be good. So it's clear on what time zone there are. Choose your choose your preferred working hours. Um Shouldn't this also be an EST? I can't think clearly right now, team. Um, I've been working on a few things. So, a little bit of uh energy is a little bit low. Um, but my instinct is when I'm looking at this, I only understand my time zone, right? So, why don't we put this in the client's time zone, right? So, translate the IST hours the person is available to the localized one, not IST. See, again, team, it's all about thinking, right? Uh, people don't want to think. They can think from their times and like me now as well like you've caught me at a really good time because you know I'm tired right now and my brain just hasn't got the capacity to think IST you know even Kolkata uh GMT minus4 I just want to see my time zone right so okay I'm in London right now even this is a mistake Europe/ London it should just be London keep it as simple as possible so you know yeah I'm GMT1 I understand that I just want to know what hours is this person available my shift right I can't see that here it's telling me some IST thing I don't want to think about IST I just want to know when is my employee available right in my hours and then you can have you don't even need to put the IST there I don't think you don't even need to put the IST there in my opinion um okay save and continue so so I think also we should have you know even for the trial you know how would you like to get started like you know um Well, maybe that's the first thing we should ask, right? Is do you want to have a trial? Do you want to have a meeting? Do you want to sign work? Um, and then um because I think a lot of people say, "I don't want a trial. I want to I want a meeting with the person first." Um, so maybe we should put that there first. You know, how would you like to get started? Um, so yeah. Um, that may be the first thing. And then if I put trial, then and this starts. If it's a sign work, then I I do that. Um because even under trial, somebody might somebody might say, "I want a meeting first, then I want the trial to start." Somebody might say, "I'm happy for the trial to start tomorrow, but I would like to kickstart off the trial with the meeting." Right? So, we need somewhere. So, there's there's both those uh options or flows and then I need the ability like when can I book my meeting in with SCAK, right? Whether it's right off the bat and before even a trial or whether it's I select a trial or even assign work. If I assign work we can still give the option do you want to kickstart off you know kickstarter like would you like to kickstart things off with a meeting so I I don't know Utah meeting again my my brain is not firing on all cylinders right now so um I would imagine a lot of people would want to interview the or speak to the person first so shouldn't that come before even trial because a lot of people who want a trial will want to first say let me speak to them first then I'll start my trial right um so I I don't know you let me know team on the logic on that so let me filled this out. Yeah, I filled these out. I got the email OTP thing or the verification code. I didn't get it from my mobile, so I can't go any further. Um, so yeah, team, I don't know, you know about that. So, I don't know if that next step would be after there. This isn't working. Um, and also maybe we should put there somewhere as well like check your junk folder or something because some emails might go there. But yeah, I'm just thinking here if we should have how would you like to get started? first, you know, trial um meeting first or assigned work. Maybe we should have that here first. And then if the person clicks trial, this happens. And then, you know, you can have working preference. We can have an option there. Would you like to have a call uh to kickstart the meeting? Yes. No. Um you know, whatever. I I don't know if we should have that. Although technically they could do that with the with the um uh you know once the trial actually starts right they can message them or whatever um but I can't go any further than this as well there is a few more things that we you know arguably need to do in terms of like the work that the person wants them to start how should the the employee contact them how you can contact the employee um and verify email verify this I I can't think of any other option right now although it's a little bit cumbersome having to do both um maybe Maybe we should just do one. Do we need to do both? Uh cuz that's quite unusual, right? Um I think email might be sufficient. Why don't we just do one and keep it simple for now? Uh but the workflow here, I mean, team also, do you really need my help in doing these things, right? Like you should really be able to figure these things out. It's really not rocket science. It's just playing around with it. Um these little things like, okay, if I start if I say I want to start with a trial, then you have to ask the person again, you know, would you like to kickstart the trial or or would you like to um have have a meeting. Um, actually, I've got a better idea. You know, how would you like to start? We could do interview um trial and then do assigned work or in whichever order. And then with the trial, if somebody collects trial, it's not an interview now, right? Because they've already assigned them. They've already kind of hired them. Why don't we then after trial put would you like to kickstart your trial with the meeting? So meeting is because I would imagine a lot of people will want a meeting when their trial starts and I would imagine a lot of people will want to do an interview first before deciding whether they want a trial. So, do you follow that logic team? So, let me just repeat that. Um, a lot of people I think aren't going to take a trial unless they've first done the interview. So, I think we have to use two different terminologies there. Possibly maybe we use the terminology of interview um before somebody selected a trial. And then if somebody selected a trial, we can use the terminology of meeting. Would you like your trial to kickstart off with a meeting? If so, what time? Uh, you know, would you like that to start? Um, and then the other question is going to be for the trial is would you like the employee to get started on some work um immediately? Um, because somebody could technically say or you know would you know would you like to assign the work now that you want the employee to get started on right because um they can just upload that now so I think there's two things if you select a trial there's two things right um do you want to have a meeting with the person to kickstart the trial um do you want to assign some work and also this is the other thing as well right so let's just say the person's working 9 to5 and the client says, "I want a meeting at, you know, 1:00 p.m. IST," especially with the time zone difference, right? But you could assign some preliminary work for the employee to get started on at 9:00 a.m. Do you see how that makes sense? So, really, I guess what we should be saying asking is those two questions is, would you like to have a meeting with the employee um on the on the, you know, on the first day? What time do you want to set that meeting up? Would you like to assign work um now to your employee? Um because some clients might say, "Okay, I'll get on the call at 12 um and I don't want to assign any work, so those 3 hours are kind of dead." Um some clients might want to um have the meeting at 12 and assign some preliminary work in preparation of that meeting. And some clients might not want a meeting at all and just assign the work right now, right? Um, and just upload it now. Um, and then the other option I guess would be is assign work later over email or something. So we can give them that option as well. Like maybe they're not prepared to upload the work now. You know, we could have something like don't worry um if you want to assign the work uh you know, you can assign don't worry if you want want to assign the work um you know ire email, right? So that kind of hints that you can do it later. So I I mean that's just the logic I'm thinking of of right now off the top of my head. Um but I think you have to give both those two options, right? Meeting and assign or upload the work now or upload the work later via email, right? Or or sign the work via email later, right? So they can do it in 3 or 4 hours time when they have it ready because you can have any kind of combination of these scenarios. You can have the person say I want a meeting right at the beginning. I want a meeting at some point in the day and if I want the meeting some point in the day, why don't I just assign some work now? Or a person could say, I'm not going to assign any work now and I want the meeting in the middle of the employees day. So, in other words, the employee has nothing to do for the first few hours of their trial, which is fine because, you know, there is a bit of a teething period and these things take time to get set up. Is that is that the logic I'm just thinking of? And again, you know, I couldn't go through to the next stage, but if you the team can, you just need to keep experimenting with this um and put yourselves in the shoes of the client. These some small some of these things I'd expect the team to figure out now like you're on a you know you're an experienced and advanced team like um you know it's not a rocket science right like when you look at this you should immediately be thinking okay it should be in my time zone like nobody cares about the CL employees time zone right like it's just okay the you've given me the preferred working hours so I know I'm only available I can only hire the person within these slots so what why do I need to bother with that it's you know 12:00 a.m. it's mid night in India why do I care why do I have to do that calculation people don't want to do calculations right I think this principle we've talked about you know day and night for the last four years uh you know reduce the cognitive load reduce the friction make it easy easy so similarly here two verifications I think right now is maybe a bit too much um and then you're just thinking how to get the trial started and if the person doesn't want a trial if they want to assign work and then again there right if I assign work it could be is like would you also like to kick start off with a meeting uh yes or no. So the person might assign work now and then say at this time I want to have a meeting with the the person whatever blah blah blah and then if it's have a interview then then you know that's easy because the you say you know would you like to interview the person and then I don't know something like um trial details uh you know set up or arranged or starts after the interview if if the candidate passes your interview something like that. Then the other thing you could do as well is right if somebody selects interview maybe you could say also would you like to select other candidates for an interview as well because what if this candidate fails the interview say so say so if somebody selects in I would like to arrange interviews you might say would you like to add more um candidates to your interview list because um you know it kind of doesn't make sense for the person to just select one person for their interview right what if that interview fails so again team it's just thinking about the logic thinking through the logic I really, you know, you should be able to nail this. There's multiple of you. You should just run through these tests over and over again. Um, you know, I does it need me to kind of spell these things out. So, that's all I can think for now. Team, let me know what you think. Um, what's not important there, you know, employee time zone you can have there that okay, this employees based here, but have client, you know, employee shift, you have your time zone, right? That's that's what should be there. Um, and I need to get to next page. So, I couldn't that's really critical page as well. And let me know if what you think about rearranging the order here because I'm just thinking should that order come really um first because I'll be assuming the person wants to start a trial. I don't know. I think we probably are right. Okay. Thank you team. Um let me know if there's any questions and your feedback. Let's try and get this over the line. It's dragging. Small things are dragging. Dragging. Let's just get it done. Thank you.